{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx4721\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 This page will be a short page on what services I offer. These are \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Repair\
\
With our Apple Certified partners, you can be sure of a quality outcome each time, Every time. Problem Solved!\
\
Training\
\
We offer tuition to cover all levels of competency. I doesn\'92t matter if you only started using a Mac today, or are a seasoned pro. We will tailor the lessons around what you would like got learn.\
\
Consultancy\
\
Come to us with a problem, We will have a solution, Contact us for more details.\
\
Web Development\
\
\
Migration from MS to Apple\
\
Welcome to Mac. Learning a how to use a computer again need not be difficult. We help you to set it up with your existing hardware such as printers, scanners and other peripherals at make it a joy to use. You will wonder why you didn\'92t make the jump sooner\
\
iDevice setup and management.\
\
We offer this service for both Mac and Windows users. We will set up your device to just work for you. You will never need to worry about losing your numbers and precious photos and data should your iDevice get lost, stolen or damaged.\
\
\
I it possible when you click on each of the links that it will open like a folder in iOS or launchpad on a mac?}